thanks for coming it's good to have you
here back man what a raucous on you they
are they're a little well there was a
baby out here earlier and it was all
about people really do you think you're
you a football fan a big NFL fan I am
and I'm originally from a small town in
New England and so are the Patriots your
team yes but not by geography I like
them because they went along oh really
so you're just admitting to being a
bandwagon well it seems like they just
started that yeah well they never season
that is just weird where everybody in
doing one is saying the sky is falling
when they won 12 games in the division
and well you get spoiled I think they
are so spoiled if they ever happened in
Cleveland the streets would be on fire I
know like it would be it would be
arrived it is a funny balance there's
weird and Boston also they win you know
the Red Sox way it's like they have too
much winning there yet they went through
a series where they were like lovable
losers and now it is the tables have
turned now they become hateable winners
so yeah yeah I'd rather be a lovable
loser I think ultimately you are you in
right now are you in wrestling mode or
movie mode or is there a difference
between those it's a great question I
think right now I'm smack dab in the
middle of filming the newest installment
of Suicide Squad
so movie mode so full and I work out
right I'm one of my new year's
resolutions I think do you work out
harder when you're wrestling or when
you're doing a movie uh the days are
actually longer than a movie so believe
it or not even though the touring
schedule is grueling for WWE I actually
have more time to work out more time to
work out I'm in movie mode yet I'm
working out less and do you work out
harder for one than the other or is it
pretty much the same workout versus it
pretty much the same you do it with
other people other people are around but
I scare them away with all the grunts
and noises I would be very intimidated
to work out with you do people come out
a lot did they come up to you know
though hey we should work out together
do I try to scare them away
so okay he on equipment like a dog
marking his territory
and would you consider yourself now to
be because I think when we met you I
thought of you as a wrestler and now I
think of you much more we met such a
long time actor than a wrestler Wow
yeah you know I'd like just to be a dude
just a guy it's just trying to ride that
ride on life well you're gonna need to
work out less if you just want to be in
just to do all right I can help you with
this no I think well now certainly these
are tremendous opportunities you know to
be a part of them and we'd like do
little and then to be in the upcoming
fast 9 the newest of some of the fast
saga and then certainly to be filming
suicide Suicide Squad
great opportunities that I really want
to pursue and I have passion for so
right now I'm doing more active are you
playing peacemaker the character I can't
confirm or deny that Suicide Squad I can
invoke I can tell you that I'm right in
the middle of filming it uh-huh that's
all you get set the DC people's watch
yeah the the internet seems to think
you're playing either peacemaker or if
there's a typo pacemaker which is they
do believe that the Internet has also
pronounced me dead on seven or eight
occasions I see now there you are sees
but every eventually they're gonna
pronounce you dead and then they're
gonna be right yeah exactly that's one
they're gonna win that prediction will
sadly come true someday okay so you're
filming this movie Thank You Jimmy
Kimmel for giving me that moment to face
one more test why are you being here
thank you I try to uplift the guests
here on the show so at this point in
your career you are you do know what was
the last time you wrestled well it's
been a this is the first time in 15
years or maybe even more that I haven't
been on a WWE scheduled pay-per-view in
a calendar year so this is the first big
transition you spoke a lot about like
Tom Brady moving elsewhere this is I'm
officially moved I'm not a regular
player you're not a regular player no
I'm W still my heart I'm still a part of
the family I still keep in touch with a
lot of folks I try to do my best to
teach and mentor and help where I can
but I'm 42 I'm getting on to be 40 Tom
Brady Tom Breit he's right about your
age yeah needs to get out yeah it out
with you
why is that guy still playing football
no I'm I have really I've been proud of
the effort I put forth and I just want
to make sure that I never am in a
position where paying customers like
yourself look at the effort and go like
yeah he's just kind of sticking around
because he's greedy I see uh but do you
act like if you were to want do you go
like oh I always want to be a part of it
I want to do something do they call you
do you call them so a lot of it works
different for everybody I always like
for them to give me ideas and then me
kind of make it my own I say oh I I know
that we have a small large event called
WrestleMania around the corner just so
happens to be in Tampa that's kind of
where I lives right be in the
neighborhood I see a side squad should
be done I see but it's not like it's not
like I call someone up and be like I
want to be in WrestleMania those spots
are very coveted there are performers
that work all year 250 shows a year to
earn those spots and you want to take
one of those
I would love to earn the head of
creative hey pal I'd like you to do this
uh-huh and then I say yes sir and then I
kind of put my own spin on it you still
think of him as your boss you still
think he is so much more than that to me
he is a friend a father figure a mentor
a trusting resource he's filled with
wisdom but above all else yes I still
think of them as my boss you do yeah
it's a funny thing isn't it no matter
how old you get and how much you
accomplish those people who were your
boss you still keep them in that you
hold them in that regard also had a
tremendous effect in my life that's a I
mean that's a couch session for you and
I I'm probably gonna have to pay you a
therapist fee for that but he said he's
at it ease really had a tremendous
impact on my life
he has wow you really are very fond of
him well you know I've had to look at
all my was like kind of like a weirdo to
me a little right you're right look at
my relationships really closely recently
because you forced me to face my
mortality okay so in the last four
minutes you've done some real soul
search would you do for the holidays I
actually for the first time in in two
decades I got to spend some time with
the family that I loved so and did you
feel like oh I'll want to do this again
or
yeah and that's like the first time I
felt that urge normally we do an event
every 26th of December in Madison Square
Garden right and the 25th I'm like all
right let's get out the door with Santa
cuz I'll get to the garden and this year
I had an extended stay with intimate
family and it was it was just really
special man they try to come up with
presents for you and our yeah yeah I had
that a long time ago oh you did yeah oh
yeah yeah the gift-giving thing I am NOT
a fan of because people they're my
family I have four brothers they have
families of their own I think the
resources should go to the kids and
instead we got into a contest of like
trying to out gift each other and people
wasting money on things that none of us
will you what's the worst gift you got
from the family so that's a great
question okay
we made a pact no gifts if you're gonna
do something do it for the kids and say
it's from you and like give them over to
extra because they're the ones who enjoy
the gifts of Christmas my dad tried to
break the pact uh-huh cuz you are his
kid and he probably thinks I mean yeah
well yeah you may have a point
Lucy's math of dance but anyway he broke
the pact and he got me a gift which he
thought was so very special it is a
ceramic wine bottle holder that is two
revolvers and it's classy you know I
don't live in like a Western know I
don't know did you tell him you liked it
or no no I told him I hated I really
wanted to destroy it one because he
violated our kind of agreement of trust
like not so like he wanted to give that
gift to be like Merry Christmas and I'm
like he did a good thing but he did a
bad thing by violating the pact he
really went on for two I really credit
yeah well its I'm glad actually I don't
know of course I'm sorry for this
terrible tragedy but I am glad you said
this because what we've done tonight is
we've pulled our studio audience and we
asked them what's the worst gift you got
for Christmas and will you bring in we
had some studio audience members of your
last night you tell me for you I would
have brought the two of ionely you know
I wish we were that prepared cuz I would
have just destroyed it what we well
that's exactly what we're gonna ask you
to do
we're gonna meet these people we're
gonna see their gifts and then hopefully
if you're inclined you will destroy them
john CLC's my dad's face don't be
allowing people and they said that when
they're about to be alarming I like this
and sorry about that
all right I'm unavailable ah unavailable
for the men change your life no said the
Queen bro I am NOT your bro you should
be an Eskimos rug by now
oh oh oh you've gained weight that is
John Cena in Doolittle which is yet
January 17 well boy it seems like such a
waste to be in this kind of shape and to
do voiceover work it really does
all right now you've got a hammer in
your hand I call it the compensator Oh
Oh the compensator depend on this hammer
this whole time this old timey sledge
hammer is it is designed specifically to
help some people who are in our studio
audience say goodbye to some unwanted
holiday gifts these are real gifts step
forward here now what is your name
Marissa where are you from
too fast Tucson Arizona what is this
gift this is a big bowl that my sister
gave me ask for a classy serving bowl so
I could serve my boss when I had him
over this is what she gave me
you to serve your boss and then this is
the result of that and did you claim you
liked it did you pretend no not really
and would you like John Cena to destroy
this what do you think that thing cost I
don't know
20 bucks baby maybe yeah hey would you
care for John Cena to destroy this gift
give everybody your sister for you to do
an autograph Neil Gaiman novel you
waited in line for the novel no I
ordered it oh you ordered still it's
signed by Neil Gaiman yeah yeah all
right well very good and well let's take
this and we'll put this right on the
started oh no wait wait wait
welcome to 600k
Lauren just to give you a sign book for
one of the greatest graphic novelist of
our time and you picked through the
bargain bin at Big Lots shame shame
shame and that's why this little piggy
is gone
[Applause]
[Music]
there we go
Wow that was really that was something
you got a future in demolition
all right oh oh yeah I believe we have a
gift for you actually so here's a better
gift uh-huh it's a John Cena action
figure signed by John Cena
Wow nice to meet you now what do you
have Olly I have these Christmas tree
ornament balls given by my neighbor new
neighbor and when I open them I find
these glittery underwear inside now the
neighbor is just a friend the neighbor
yeah uh-huh okay and he isn't a family
family and they decided to give you
Underpants under fence glittery okay Oh
neighbor gave you a set of balls with
underwear and you didn't want them yeah
I didn't want them mmm and you don't
want them no I don't want them and maybe
you'd like John to destroy them I love
to have them oh that would be nice what
do you think John oh listen up neighbor
neighbors don't give neighbors
Underpants you psychopath and I'll have
you know Ally doesn't even wear boxers
he goes commando just like his hero John
see
all right go get it John
[Music]
I believe we have a special gift for you
as well
[Music]
here's a great gift it's John Cena blitz
brawler doll son by John Cena and
finally what is your name my name's Omni
Omni Omni om and I like the hotels oh
how about that what an omni where are
you from I'm from Orange County Orange
County and what did you get for
Christmas and from whom so I went to my
holiday work party and a previous
coworker said I'm gonna get $200 as her
bonus she show up wait so that's what
they usually give ok so all of us went
inside we had lunch everything ended and
then and you got this like everyone got
nobody got $200 Wow and how do you feel
about that I kind of just said are you
still working there you are well not for
long and they're on this boss they say
that it's the thought that counts
but your thought sucked big time Omni
was expecting a Christmas bonus not
frosty to no man you cheap
[Applause]
they'll put it down like that let's get
behind the sneeze guard here we go
[Music]
it's leaking well we must have a gift a
special gift for Omni we're sure dude
Jimmy what do we have John new $100
bills signed by John Cena John Cena
everybody we'll be right back I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and illustrated it all the money I make
goes to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do